hey guys that up here and last year I
did a video called two minutes of
strawberries where I was at Paul
Gaultier's back to hidden garden and
showing you how juicy his strawberries
were thinking mine would never even come
close to being like that but I just had
some people over and I was doing a demo
and we're gonna pick some strawberries
right now and i'm going to show you guys
just how juicy these things are ok so i
just put the camera on a tripod so i can
show you guys this just put these two
down on the ground this look how much
liquid and that's just a couple fingers
squeezing it once look at that that is a
lot of juice in my strawberries ok we're
gonna do another one pop the top nothing
in my hand
look at that okay how much water is in
that strawberry ok last one
look at that okay I've licked my hands
clean now nummy and I think this would
be a good thing for everyone to go out
to the strawberry patch and do a two
minutes of strawberries video and show
everyone how juicy and good and
delicious their strawberries are well
that's all i have for this video as
always don't forget to comment rate
subscribe check us out on the web site
and we'll see you guys in the next video
program
God